# Yggdrasil Project
Financial Security as a Service

The Yggdrasil Project aims to provide financial security in the form of a standard minimum income, from each according to ability to each according to need. While there is no cost to join the Yggdrasil Project, membership is by invitation only, and a portion of all profits earned through the members Yggdrasil Project Personal Deployment are shared with the members benefactor. In this way, a member is like a branch of the immense tree Yggdrasil, and from that members branch others will grow as the member extends invitations, with each new member strengthening its supporting branches and extending the reach of the Yggdrasil Project like a growing tree, bringing prosperity to those in need.

The Yggdrasil Project operates as a personal service which must be deployed independently by each member. To deploy the Yggdrasil Project the member must clone the repository and run the Yggdrasil Project Deployment Manager. The Yggdrasil Project Deployment Manager will confirm that the member agrees to the EULA, confirm the invitation code provided by their benefactor, obtain a method of contact to communicate with the member, and configure a sealed secret to encrypt and manage the members financial information. Once the members Yggdrasil Project Personal Deployment is complete it will use the provided method of contact to notify the member of instructions to use the Yggdrasil Project Personal Deployment as an interface to the members Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager.

Once the members Yggdrasil Project Personal Deployment has been completed the members Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager will determine the maximum amount which it can reliably earn on behalf of the member and disburse it to them as a regular monthly stipend, slowly increasing the amount over time as it determines it can reliably earn more on the members behalf. The Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager earns money on behalf of the member by completing promotional offers which financial institutions make available to the member as a way of generating new business. Once deployed and configured the Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager will go to work managing the members financial life, and because of the way the Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager earns money for the member and their benefactors, the member must coordinate with their Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager through their Yggdrasil Project Personal Deployment before taking any action which could impact any aspect of their credit, including applying for a checking or savings account, credit card, car loan, student loan, home loan, personal loan, home equity line of credit, or any other financial account. Not coordinating with the Yggdrasil Project Personal Financial Manager will put their Yggdrasil Project membership at risk as outlined in the EULA.
